update contributing guide (#580)
fastplotlib/fastplotlib: docs/source/developer_notes/graphics.rst

Graphics
========

A ``Graphic`` is something that can be added to a ``PlotArea`` (described in detail in the layouts section). All the various
fastplotlib graphics, such as ``ImageGraphic``, ``ScatterGraphic``, etc. inherit from the ``Graphic`` base class in
``fastplotlib/graphics/_base.py``. It has a few properties that mostly wrap ``pygfx`` ``WorldObject`` properties and transforms.

.. code-block:: rst

    Graphic
    │
    ├─ ImageGraphic
    │
    ├─ TextGraphic
    │
    ├─ PositionsGraphic
    │   │
    │   ├─ LineGraphic
    │   │
    │   └─ ScatterGraphic
    │
    └─ GraphicCollection
        │
        └─ LineCollection
            │
            └─ LineStack

..

All graphics can be given a string name for the user's convenience. This allows graphics to be easily accessed from
plots, ex: ``subplot["some_image"]``.

All graphics contain a ``world_object`` property which is just the ``pygfx.WorldObject`` that this graphic uses. Fastplotlib
keeps a *private* global dictionary of all ``WorldObject`` instances and users are only given a weakref proxy to this world object.

> This is due to garbage collection. This may be quite complicated for beginners, for more details see this PR: https://github.com/fastplotlib/fastplotlib/pull/160 .

Reviewer: You could add something like "furthermore, garbage collection is even more complicated in ipython and jupyter. If you're curious see: https://github.com/fastplotlib/fastplotlib/pull/546 "

If you are curious or have more questions on garbage collection in ``fastplotlib`` you're welcome to post an issue :D.

> Graphic collections are groups of graphics. For now, we have a ``LineCollection`` which is a group of ``LineGraphic`` objects. We also have a ``LineStack`` which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graphic collections are collections of graphics. For now, we have a ``LineCollection`` which is a collection of ``LineGraphic`` objects. We also have a ``LineStack`` which
```

So that users don't get confused with `pygfx.Group` which is completely diff.

> inherits from ``LineCollection`` and gives some fixed offset between ``LineGraphic`` objects in the collection.

Reviewer: Add something like "A graphic collection behaves kind of like an array of graphics"

Graphic Properties
------------------

Graphic properties are all evented, and internally we call these "graphic features". They are the various
aspects of a graphic that the user can change.
The "graphic features" subpackage can be found at ``fastplotlib/graphics/_features``. As we can see this
is a private subpackage and never meant to be accessible to users.

For example let's look at ``LineGraphic`` in ``fastplotlib/graphics/line.py``. Every graphic has a class variable called
``_features`` which is a set of all graphic properties that are evented. It has the following evented properties:
``"data", "colors", "cmap", "thickness"`` in addition to properties common to all graphics, such as ``"name", "offset", "rotation", and "visible"``

Now look at the constructor for the ``LineGraphic`` base class ``PositionsGraphic``, it first creates an instance of ``VertexPositions``.

> This is a class that manages vertex positions buffer. It defines the line, and provides additional useful functionality.

Reviewer: ```
This is a class that manages vertex positions buffer. For the user, it defines the line data, and provides additional useful functionality.
```
